Here we reply to Scott Rostrup's comments and and ask two questions
about direction for the paper.  Rostrup writes "I find that I don't
have a lot of clarity as to the precise aim of this paper".


-------------Origin and Aim of the Paper------------------------------
We derived our scipy2016 manuscript from a working document that we
use to explain (to ourselves and our colleagues) the math, physics and
code for the F_UNCLE project.  We hope that the manuscript serves to
introduce the F_UNCLE code and project, and that it will be useful in
the following ways:

1. Demonstrate/suggest using the scipy ecosystem and a surrogate for
   addressing difficult problems.  The paper might give confidence and
   general direction to scientists and engineers who must develop
   original solutions to their own problems.

2. Visually illustrate the utility of Fisher information for
   quantifying how tightly experimental data constrain models

3. Introduce the F_UNCLE code to folks whose problems are similar
   enough to ours that they can use it

4. Suggest the utility of better software practices to LANL colleagues
   who view software as a necessary and ugly evil


------------Questions About Directions for the Paper------------------
Both the code and the project are works in progress, and the paper may
be too much like a lab notebook for a journal publication.  In the
section "Conclusion, Caveats and Future Work", we even write, "we
emphasize that it is a work in progress."

We ask:

1. Are works in progress appropriate for the Scipy2016 Proceedings?

2. If so, do you recommend modifying the paper (primarily the
   introduction) to include the tone (less formality and more
   explanation of context) and some of the text of this note?


------------Aim and Status of the F_UNCLE Project--------------------
We need to quantitatively characterize the accuracy of models of
physical material properties which are based on existing theory and
experiments.  If the accuracy is inadequate, we must evaluate whether
or not proposed experiments or theoretical work will provide the
necessary information.  We have chosen to first work on the EOS of the
gas produced by detonating PBX-9501 because it is relatively simple.
In particular there is a model that defines its properties in terms of
a one dimensional function and simple constraints.

Characteristics of the work include:

1. The uncertain object is a *function*.  In principal it has an
   infinite number of degrees of freedom.  We don't know how to define
   a probability measure on sets in function space, and we don't know
   how to compare the utility of different families of parametric
   approximations.

2. Understanding the constraints on the unknown function and the
   connection between it and experimental measurements requires
   studying some detailed physics.

3. Simulations of some of the experiments run for about an hour on
   high performance computers.  The job control is unwieldy as are the
   mechanisms for expressing trial instances of the unknown functions
   and connecting them to the simulations.

So far we have worked in two parallel modes as we develop ideas and
algorithms.  We write code for a surrogate problem that runs in a
fraction of a minute on a PC, and we write code for fitting a model to
PBX-9501 in a high performance computing environment.  Our focus
shifts back and forth as we find and resolve problems.  As we have
progressed, we have found improving our software practices makes it
easier to express ideas, test them on PCs and implement them on the
HPCs.

Results so far indicate optimization can find good approximations to
the unknown functions and that analysis of Fisher information can
quantify how various experiments constrain uncertainty about different
aspects of them.  The results are encouraging but preliminary.

We plan to resolve some questions about choices of coordinates in
function space and add at least one more experiment to the analysis of
the PBX-9501 EOS.  We will also modify the F_UNCLE code so that we can
use it to analyze other physical models.  We hope to publish our new
analysis of the PBX-9501 EOS in the Journal of Applied Physics (where
previous work on that EOS appears), and we hope to publish our
analysis techniques in the SIAM/ASA Journal on Uncertainty
Quantification.


--------------Scott Rostrup's Points with our Comments----------------

1. Domain specific material could be challenging for many readers

   While we agree, we propose no major changes to the "Rate Stick" and
   "Gun" sections.  The graphical construction for CJ conditions that
   we describe in the "Rate Stick" section follows from the
   Rankineâ€“Hugoniot conditions for shocks.  It would be a mistake to
   go into that much detail in the paper.  The dynamics of the gun are
   essentially F=ma.  We have a few equations on our poster that we
   believe make that clearer and we will include them in the next
   draft of the paper.

2. Not a lot of discussion of the software or how python is important to
   success

   We mention the major packages that we use and give a link to our
   software.  Going forward, we will work towards making the software
   self explanatory.

3. Reword the abstract and introduction:
   * What are the contents of this paper
   * What will the reader learn from reading it

   OK

4. Are we developing an inverse problem solver or are we solving
   problems with Job schedulers?

   Both.  We should probably mention that there is lots of work on
   inverse problems whose targets are functions, eg, images.  Our
   problem differs in the diversity of measurements and the nature of
   the constraints.

5. No clear explanation of how the algorithm enforces constraints.

   That is true.  While explaining the actual constraints and their
   implementation would require more text and detail than is
   appropriate, we will comment on what we are skipping and why.

6. No reference to standard approaches

   We are unaware of standard approaches.  We will add text that
   compares our problem to image estimation.

7. We don't address convergence or stability

   We have not studied them.  We will add comments about convergence
   and stability to our caveats section.

8. Fisher information to show stability?

   No.  Fisher information tells you how informative an experiment is.

9. Detailed detonation study experiments actually detract from clarity

   It's the problem that we are really working on.  Estimating the
   mean of a normally distributed scalar would be clear but
   uninteresting.  We believe that our surrogate experiments are as
   simple as they can be and still be instructive about the
   challenges of the real models we want to estimate.

10. Why are cubic splines not just another choice of parameters?

    In short, we don't know.

    It's question we are excited about.  In future work we will
    examine cost-benefit trade offs of various choices for coordinates
    in function space.  Our intuition is that cubic splines are good
    because they are mostly local and with a large number of knots
    they are very flexible.  We believe that the flexibility is
    balanced by the convexity constraint.  We imagine that we can
    study something like the relative efficiency of various coordinate
    systems for function space in terms of statistical bias and
    variance.

11. Why don't cubic splines suffer the problems of GPM models?

    GPM models allow non-convex solutions.  See Shirin Golchi's work
    on monotone functions and GPM

12. Why did we choose these particular problems to illustrate
    techniques?

    We developed these techniques to solve these problems

13. Recommend leaving out the PBX plot

    The PBX-9501 plot testifies to our interest in and progress on
    real problems.
